hey there Alex here from the super smash
channel and Nintendo's financial results
briefing on May eighth nintendo
president satoru iwata revealed how
nintendo plans to use their character
IPS in a new kind of way figurines that
interact with the video games think of
something like Skylanders or disney
infinity these figurines come with
built-in NFC or near field communication
functionality that will enable them to
detect that we use console gamepad
controller and will have different
effects within the games they pertain to
the figurines are being co named an FP
which is short for NFC featured platform
a Nintendo figurine platform consumers
will be able to buy and collect these
figurines and use them with a number of
software titles that will be released in
the future figurines are being designed
to work with multiple Nintendo platforms
including the Nintendo 3ds which will
use a special NFC reader / writer
peripheral for this purpose what's
interesting is these figurines cannot
only upload data to a game but they can
also read and download data from a game
yadda said that this means that you'll
be able to customize your NFP to raise
or train them as your own Nintendo
characters more details on NFP figures
and the games that are compatible with
will be revealed at e3 in June in the
meantime you oughtta outlined the goals
of the NFP as follows they are to serve
as the first example of actively
utilizing Nintendo's character IPS and
Nintendo character figurines displayed
on store shelves will provide exposure
raise brand awareness and provide an
incentive for people to play video games
now the reason why I bring this up is
because it could possibly be coming to
smash 4 on both the 3ds and Wii U sure
mr. you oughtta never stated what games
are compatible
and only vaguely stating that it'll be
incorporated into future titles well
super smash bros for the 3ds and wii u
fall under that category let's take a
look at a few terms you oughta use when
talking about the NFP customize your NFP
to raise or train your own Nintendo
characters one thing Masahiro Sakurai
the director behind the next smash games
stated that he wanted to incorporate
some kind of customization to the game
as we already know some characters
already have different move sets that
you could switch around most likely this
will be done similarly by writing a name
and then adding custom controls under
that name like in brawl what if you're
pointing at a friend's house or you're
going to a tournament by having that
customized data stored into the NFP
it'll save you the hassle of setting it
up in a more convenient matter as well
yata also mentions that the figurines
are compatible with multiple platforms
that being both the Wii U and 3ds again
we already know that there's going to be
a way to communicate between the two
versions that isn't cross played soccer
I did confirm however that the
customizable characters will be
transferable and that his team is
looking to deliver stress-free easy
connectivity between the two versions
the nature of this character
customization wasn't made clear only
that it won't involve costumes or
unlocks for completing tasks what if the
NFP figurines are the secret behind how
the two versions will interact make
changes on the 3ds version then play on
the Wii U version with that same
character that belongs to the figurine
and vice versa we also know that the NFP
figurines have the ability to upload and
read data that allows them to have the
ability to do things such as keep track
of records your wins and losses for for
glory mode and for fun mode for example
all of this is just speculation however
it's not out of the question that these
new and if P figurines that will learn
about in this year's e3 could possibly
be used for smash not to mention the
figurine example kinda looks like a
trophy that you'd see in smash itself
they could design the playable character
trophies similar to the ones and smash
bros all this is really exciting and
gets me hyped up for e3 even more do you
think we'll see NFP functionality for
Super Smash Bros 4 do you even think
it's a good idea to begin with let me
know in the comments below alright
that's it for this time feel free to
like and subscribe for more videos like
this one and other things since related
alright see guys
you